[13.0][ADD] Account Fiscal Position Partner Type (#206)
OCA/account-fiscal-rule: account_fiscal_position_partner_type/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> This module allows to configure the customer type in partner and fiscal position forms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module adds the concept of type applied to fiscal positions and partners. The idea is to categorize them for not applying fiscal positions that doesn't belong to the same type.
```
